Block cross-site form POSTs by default (#6510)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/strange-apples-vanish.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> [breaking] block cross-site mutative requests by default. disable with config.kit.csrf.checkOrigin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[breaking] block cross-site form POSTs by default. disable with config.kit.csrf.checkOrigin
```
